welcome back to another solutions video
provided by imaging spectrum hi I'm
Ronnie macadam today I'm going to show
you what I call the game-changer which
is the fuji DX 100 printer where it's
powered with darkroom 9.2 we have a
direct driver in there I've got it set
up for quick pic so I'm going to pick
hit one for package one one for one copy
of everything in that package
so while this thing is printing I'm
going to go over some of the
specifications and qualities of the
printer 364 by sixes per hour 128 by
tens per hour you can do lustre or
glossy finishes it's got six inks all
the ink cartridges are 200 milliliters
each so high capacity on the except so
that's always a it's always a plus right
now we've got a print coming out of it
already it is your 4 by 8 print we'll go
ahead and set that down there also it's
Windows driver only at the moment
there's no matte driver possibly in the
future there'll be a Mac driver just as
of right now there's not one also here
here's something I want you to think
about you're on site with one media type
and that's the 8 inch paper you can
print 4 by 8 6 by 8 8 by 10 8 by 39 so
it goes up to a 39 inch print all off
the same roll of paper which is an 8
inch paper something to keep in mind
it's it's equivalent to the traditional
lab print the quality is exceptional and
there was our 6 by 8 this printer is now
available so give us a call
our number is 1-800-321-8633
the cost per print on here is really
going to kind of blow you away and like
I said go to our website check those
prices out because it's kind of the
price cost per friend has kind of got
the wow factor now we have the the
wallets coming out so two four by eight
eight by ten a six by eight a set of
wallets and now our panoramic is going
to come out and it's going to be eight
by twenty four we didn't do thirty-nine
because we don't have a lot of time
so remember darkroom 9.2 has a built-in
driver the nice thing about having the
built in driver is you can do all these
different sizes through one driver
versus having to load multiple drivers
and our last print is coming out you can
see the printer it's printing
exceptionally fast I the 8 by 10 was a
prints out in 30 seconds
so if you have dark room you can always
call this an upgrade that if you want
the direct driver if not it's got a
regular Windows driver so you can print
out of anything that accepts a Windows
driver okay so the package I just
printed out you've got a 8 by 24 you've
got 2 4 by 8 you've got a 6 by 8 you got
a sheet of wallet and you got an 8 by 10
all off the same size paper so that's
that's unique to this printer so anyway
thanks for joining us and if you've got
any questions give us a call